*******************
Introduction
*******************

Welcome to "50 Examples for Teaching Python".

My goal was to collect interesting short examples of Python programs,
examples that tackle a real-world problem and exercise various
features of the Python language.  I envision this collection as being
useful to teachers of Python who want novel examples that will
interest their students, and possibly to teachers of mathematics or
science who want to apply Python programming to make their subject
more concrete and interactive.

Readers may also enjoy dipping into the book to learn about a
particular algorithm or technique, and can use the references to
pursue further reading on topics that especially interest them.


Python version
========================================

All of the examples in the book were written using Python 3, and
tested using Python 3.2.1.  You can download a copy of Python 3 from
<http://www.python.org/download/>; use the latest version available.

This book is not a Python tutorial and doesn't try to introduce
features of the language, so readers should either be familiar with
Python or have a tutorial available.  Classes and modules are used
right from the beginning, for example; the early programs do not use a
subset of the language that's later expanded by the introduction of
more sophisticated features such as classes.


License
==================================================

The English text of this work is licensed under a Creative Commons
Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License.  

This license forbids publishing and selling copies of the book, but
you are free to print copies for your own private or educational use.
For example, it's OK to print out a section as a handout for a class,
or to include sections in documents that you write and make available
under the same Creative Commons license.

If you wish to sell copies of the book or include partial sections of
the text in your own works made available under a different license,
please contact the author to request permission.  

The software programs are released under the MIT license, and you are
free to use or modify them in any way you like, including for
commercial purposes or in other documentation projects.

The original source text and example code is available at
https://github.com/akuchling/50-examples, and is formatted
using the Sphinx documentation tool (http://sphinx.pocoo.org).

Please send questions, suggestions, and comments to 
the e-mail address below.

|  A.M. Kuchling
|  amk@amk.ca

